# Extract

A Golang wrapper to use [libarchive](https://www.libarchive.org/), a multi-format archive and compression library, for extraction purposes. 

# Installation

# License

The project is provided under the Apache 2.0 license. A copy of the license text can be found in the LICENSE.txt file located in the project’s top-level directory. Because this project is built on other open source components, different files may be under different licenses. As a rule of thumb, each source file should include a license notice that designates the licensing terms for that respective file (unless the file was autogenerated).

# Legal Notices

All product names, logos, and brands are property of their respective owners. All company, 
product and service names used in this software are for identification purposes only. 

Disclaimer of Warranty / No Support: Wind River does not provide support 
and maintenance services for this software, under Wind River’s standard 
Software Support and Maintenance Agreement or otherwise. Unless required 
by applicable law, Wind River provides the software (and each contributor 
provides its contribution) on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY 
KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties 
of TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of 
using or redistributing the software and assume any risks associated with 
your exercise of permissions under the license.
